Oh crap, was I recording already?
They're like, oh, once her husband's gone, I guess there's some crazy shit happening in there.
Are they switching markers in there?
Oh yeah, we tried to attend, didn't we?
Food, food.
I don't know how to recommend places because I just...
randomly walk around a little yeah
The thing is, when I do look through...
Like okay, there's my first time I had social media in the last five six months. I didn't have social media before
oh yeah and then so but before that I look up Google Maps
for fantasies but
They do? Because it didn't work out too well for me with Google Maps.
And then Kegels has a short song?
He shows me what he looks like because he always finds like bomb faces.
Yeah, but he uses taberu.
Taberu good Yeah, but it's all in Japanese
yeah so I can't yeah yeah
Oh really? okay
right
Oh, okay. Okay.
And then you have pretty good luck with that.
sounds like her yeah yeah
oh okay okay
When I go, I just look for a place that just does one thing.
I usually avoid places that have like a little bit of everything
Yeah, and then if they specialize in one thing and that's all they sell then I'll try like that. Yeah
all right i don't know the place but it was really close to tokyo tower it was a...
Steak house and that steak messed me up.
Like, cause after I ate there, eating at steakhouses around here is sad.
Yeah.
I don't get it. Like, you know what I mean? Like, we're supposed to be like the steak and hamburgers country, right?
No, they have more than Wagyu, it's not just Wagyu they have...
But you know what though? I usually get like medium-medium rare.
You know, both in Japan and here.
fatty meat here it makes you feel kind of gross when you eat it
But...
yeah but then yeah if i eat the same kind of marbling meat in japan i can feel fine
I don't get it.
Like this? Oh, I didn't know that.
The quality of everything is just so much better. Even the produce.